in this video we're going to show how to
animate a ping format graphic starting
in three point one zero dot six web link
is able to display PNG images in
addition to JPEGs gifs and bitmaps that
was able to display before this release
also incidentally gives you the option
to show graphs as images so that you can
remove the ActiveX dependency that used
to exist with graphing that's not what
we'll demo here but just mentioning that
because that allows you to open web link
sites in Firefox or Chrome or alternate
browsers so if you've upgraded a 3106
that's the first prerequisite for seeing
PNG format images you can download this
sample animation web screen and we'll
put that in our program files ASI web
link system dot 3 folder and once that's
in place if we start web link it should
need that screen as it has here go ahead
and sign in and let's take a look at
that screen not much to see initially
the valuable part are these functions
that we've included on the local
functions and variables tab animate PNG
and animate we're not going to explain
too much what they do but rather how to
use them so in this case we've created a
var called tower anum short for cooling
tower animation and the page has gone
ahead and instantiate adore created an
instance of the tower animation object
let's create the other parts it needs to
do the animation so we'll start by
picking three underscore one that's our
base cooling tower with the fan in a
static position we'll go ahead and grab
everything to the left of the numbered
part of the name the underscore zero
underscore one and underscore too so we
copy that whole string because we'll
need it here in a moment move the image
to where we can see it and if we go back
to our local functions and variables
this is the place we need that string we
copy
he had already done that before other
things that are important to confirm we
are using image0 is our container to
hold this animation there are three
frames total we saw underscore zero
underscore one and underscore two and we
want to delay of a hundred milliseconds
between each frame so that's how we
would create the animation we've used
buttons here just for convenience and
what each button does is take that tower
animation object tower annum and here we
do a start it's one of the methods on
that object that the class the animation
class provides this does a stop on the
object and this does a reverse so let's
see those in action i'm going to go
ahead and save at first just because i
always like to do that and we'll start
up our page and if we hit the start
button we see the fan spinning we hit
reverse it goes the opposite direction
and we had stopped it stops that's the
very basics let's do a little more
sophisticated now though and change the
speed at which the fan is rotating so
what we'll use is a tag on the screen to
hold the value of our rotation or of our
delay rather for the rotation i happen
to set that up in a util objectin a 05
and it happens to be instance to at
device address 8005 for me in the on
update event what we're going to do very
important the sequence here is we're
first going to stop the animation then
we're going to say the delay is now the
value of this tag and then we're going
to start it obviously in the real world
you might want to check that it's
running before you stop it and start it
again because you don't want to start it
when it's not running but just for
simplicity we'll go ahead and do that so
if we now again take a look at our on
update event it's going to stop the fan
change the delay and restart it and
let's go ahead
and start this we can look in expert see
that a 05 is a hundred and we had
preceded that and one side effect of
having that on update event in the tag
is it starts when the page starts now we
don't have to hit the start button so
something to be cognizant of we can stop
it we can start it just like before and
we can reverse it if we want to just
like before the other the interesting
part that's different now is we could
write let's say a thousand to that and
what we'll see is the fan clunks along
very slowly conversely if we write a
value like 25 in there we can see the
fan going crazy so quick demo of how to
set up the animation simple animation
and then how to change the speed of the
animation and what we might do in
closing is perhaps set the visibility of
this tag to hide and just use it you
know in an invisible mode so now we
would actually have to write the value
from lots to 150 and what we should see
as it slows down and if we bring up
expert again and go back to fast or
value say 75 we should see it its back
to would be a more normal speed so that
ends the demo and feel free to contact
support at ASI controls calm if you have
any follow-up questions on how to do the
animations
you